They know I'm here to hand over,
Just so they won't spare you.
Are you analyzing me? If you don't come back, please come back and beg me.
Maybe when I am happy, I can let you go.
Just blame it, you offended someone you shouldn't have offended.
However, you can keep your family and your subordinates,
Hey, let’s go, the scenery is nice,
I'll buy you here later.
Maybe, I can even force your descendants to use you.
Oh, I remembered.
From now on, there will be no descendants.
Come back here or pay the price.
If you die here, some of you will know.
I mean, he just wants to find your body.
I actually admired you quite a bit
You can't be used by Mr. Liu
Then we have to be enemies
Remember to cast a good tire
Just here
Let me see how Li Fei died Li Fei
Didn't expect the end